I was too slow to bring it up but when
you guys were talking about shaft Oh row
that in there can you dig it mm-hmm well
we forgot to plug Alex that's fine if
you want to follow our TD who I can't
hear you Brian your mic suddenly died
hahaha oh
landis seddie seddie boo yah woo he just
got drones and goodbye I was sitting in
my bedroom with my laptop and I was
playing titanfall seaway go back Jesus
almost reached back to that time hey
wait can you can you transition hey
didn't you yeah feed it and I'll try
well shifting between universes I was
sitting in my bedroom with my laptop and
I was playing Titans at all obviously I
don't play titanfall and we